>> Kyle Simpson: Now there are built in
fundamental objects that we wanna look at.
And many of these are ones that
actually come historically,
they were kinda copied
from a language like Java.
And that's why they all have capital
letters like capital O Object and
capital A Array and F Function.
Those kind of look like they do the class
names from a language like a Java or
maybe a C++.
And in JavaScript,
we have those they create
object wrappers around these values,
representations of the values.
And we want to use the new keyword
to instantiate instances of those.
But we have some other fundamental objects
that we don't want to use the new keyword.
Specifically string number and boolean,
those we want to use those as functions.
We don't wanna put the new
keyword in front of them.
Because if we call string or number or
boolean with some value,
it actually changes it into that type.
And in just a little bit, we're gonna be
talking about changing the types of our
values if we have a string and we want
to make it into a number or vice versa.
So those three turned
out to be really useful
in what we're gonna call type conversion,
conversion of a type.
Here's an example of using the new
in front of one of those constructor
forms of a fundamental object.
Saying new capital D Date,
that's how we can make a date object and
then use something like the toUTCString
method to represent this
long form of that date and
time of that object.
But then you will notice on line 5 I'm
using capital S String as a function
to convert something that is
a number like my college GPA, and
yes that's actually is the GPA that
I graduated with from college.
Then that, you can take your
numeric form of the GPA and
turn into a string,
that's why in the comments on line six,
it's actually got quotes around
it because now it's a string.
So using new in front of the fundamental
objects where we wanna make object
representations and skipping the new
keyword whenever we wanna call it to do
a type conversion,
like we're doing on my font.